Correct wrong and misleading comments about enemy trainer AI (#1149)
pret/pokecrystal: docs/bugs_and_glitches.md

```

> ### "Smart" AI does not encourage Sunny Day if it knows Solar Beam, Flame Wheel, or Moonlight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### "Smart" AI does not encourage Sunny Day when it knows Solar Beam, Flame Wheel, or Moonlight
```

**Fix:** Edit `SunnyDayMoves` in [data/battle/ai/sunny_day_moves.asm](https://github.com/pret/pokecrystal/blob/master/data/battle/ai/sunny_day_moves.asm):

```diff
 SunnyDayMoves:

> -; BUG: Solar Beam, Flame Wheel, and Moonlight should be on this list (see docs/bugs_and_glitches.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-; BUG: "Smart" AI does not encourage Sunny Day when it knows Solar Beam, Flame Wheel, or Moonlight (see docs/bugs_and_glitches.md)
```
